feat(changelog): containers-added-serverless-containers-more-cpu-and-ram 2024-08-05 (#3566)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2024/2024-08-05-containers-added-serverless-containers-more-cpu-and-ram.mdx

---
title: Serverless Containers more CPU and RAM
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-08-05
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> More power for Serverless ! Containers now have higher CPU and RAM limitations for more demanding workloads. 
> 
> Also we added a relation between RAM and CPU in order to help selecting balanced resources.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers now support higher CPU and RAM limits, allowing for more demanding workloads. This update provides more power and flexibility to meet your application's needs.

In addition, we have introduced a balanced resource allocation system, establishing a relationship between RAM and CPU to help you select optimal resource combinations.
```
